I love your father, he's been so good to me.
What, so you're good?
For your father, yes.
Just don't expect me to like it.
You what?
Okay, so you started with a contract marriage
and now you're a fake, loving couple.
Wow.
Okay, you need to promise me
that you're not gonna let yourself get hurt again.
I won't.
Something just snapped and made a day, Angie.
I just, I can't do this anymore.
Look, I know you've been in love with him since you were kids,
but honestly, any man who can share a house with your hot self
and not jump your bones, it's okay.
He's not.
Girl, I see him everyday tugging on for houses.
Okay, okay.
So maybe he's like, impotent then.
Maybe no one is impotent.
That would explain a lot.
You think I'm impotent?